thank you for joining us here in sunny
Los Angeles it was 85 degrees today it
was nice and and we should enjoy it
because I don't know if you read this
but there's a new study that says the
heat index which is basically the
measure of how hot it feels they say
that by the year 2050 the heat index
will be literally off the charts
they'll be so hot on the hottest days
they won't be able to chart it can't
they just make new charts because can
you imagine that if somebody says how
hot is it gonna be today and they're
just like well it's real - I don't know
over the next three decades we'll have
days on which the heat index is so
extremely it becomes incalculable which
seems bad but there is hope according to
the same report we can avoid the worst
case scenario if we reduce emissions
from fossil fuels unfortunately the
fossil who is currently fueling the
white house doesn't care about he would
probably brag about breaking the heat
index so it's up to us to do our part to
cool people off with that said we are
gonna we have something special tonight
let's go outside to gear molehills on
hollywood boulevard
[Music]
what is the heat index out there right
now it's muy caliente very hot cha
niente yeah so tonight Guillermo is
going to give a pedestrian who needs one
a summer haircut correct Guillermo
that's right Jimmy all right so round
somebody up and we'll start chopping
away well what is your name Gus Gus were
you from I'm from McAllen Texas
all right so Gus you have a lot of hair
don't ya yes I do
yeah have you always do you always wear
your hair like that or you sometimes
have it short this is my first year with
long hair so I was like I'll give it a
try after seeing Aquaman and okay and
what kind of cut are you looking for
today as if it matters it really doesn't
matter but what are you thinking today
Gus
thinking he's gonna get creative yeah
well while you get started what do you
have there what do you got Clippers yes
Jimmy and what number you're gonna go at
I think it's number four a number four
all right so started number four and oh
boy is it actually coming off because it
doesn't look like oh it is coming off
alright cuz he's working on I got a
number four going on yet have you ever
had a haircut on the street before no
first time do you have any like
important dates coming up maybe a
wedding or a court date custody hearing
etc I had a job interview but I'm not
gonna put that one aside yeah what kind
of work you're looking for gosh
[Applause]
one that pays one that thing
alright alright we'll keep at it
Guillermo we'll check back in and see
how it comes out ok that's ok Jimmy ok
very good alright there's air moving
here alright let's go back out to the
boulevard see how the haircut is go oh
it looks hey I have to say Guillermo it
looks pretty good doesn't it yeah these
are Jim I think I'm doing good job give
Gus a mirror let's see who the audience
doesn't seem to agree but I'm surprising
Gus Gus what do you think I love it I
love it it's ok to cry if you need to I
think it looks pretty good I think
that's been a great for the job
interview you have any regrets at all
Gus not at all right have you recommend
Guillermo friends as you uh alright
let's get another customer in there and
here we have what is your name
hi I'm Joseph Joseph now Joseph you are
a handsome young fella how old are you
Joseph I'm nineteen nineteen years old
what do you do for a living I'm an actor
oh you are okay
alright so act happy when we're done
with this haircut here well
unfortunately Joseph Guillermo is about
to go on break so I'm gonna pass you off
to one of our junior stylists
[Applause]
I'll use shock
Jack I've never seen a barber taller
than the barber pole Joseph that's
Shaquille O'Neal he's gonna be cutting
your hair okay
your hair is about to go kazow
[Applause]
Shak have you ever given a haircut
before yes
whose hair get cut LeBron James you are
you the one who gave LeBron that perfect
hairline that wow this is a wonderful
alright girls called the harm Brooke we
have to rest my arm right there well
Moses bought the Minnie Mouse what we're
looking at right here this young out of
mom this is a whole marker it really is
the opposite of a mark right now wow
that's a right check you've created a
new hairstyle this is incredible it's a
little bit like alfalfa from The Little
Rascals if he was beaten and robbed
all right Shaq is you know doing a
little bit check here check those
scissors look like nose hair clippers in
your hands Chad that is a beautiful job
you did there
this is absolutely
[Applause]
you know it's nice it's like if there
were a tiny little plane would land
right on that runway on your head Joseph
Joseph jack is going to show you what
your hair looks like all right and you
tell us give it check maybe so Joseph
doesn't have to explain it you could
sign autographed that little stripe on
top of his head it's not a stripe it's a
work of art wow that is beautiful very
well done jack and Joseph yeah yeah Jack
please do not attack the crowd they're a
Hollywood Boulevard
if you liked that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh